In the district of Mucristan it is tradition for people to hang lanterns outside their front doors on a specific date of the year. It is supposed to be a symbol of discipline and tenderness and it is usually part of a religious ritual or festivity that can last for almost a week.
In the remote village of Gaflye it is tradition to surround the recently deceased with as much silence as possible for a period of time. It is supposed to protect the deceased against evil spirits.
Cast in a cave, the town of Tirianae is home to wood elves lead by Warlord Alen.
This town  was not built by a cave by accident, as it has ancient, lost technologies, which is of great importance to the people of Tirianae and its success.
The town itself looks plain. With its gloomy wooden rooftops, dark wooden walls and creaking wood, Tirianae has a spine-chilling atmosphere.
The main attraction is the quarry, which was built 54 years ago and designed by high elves.
Tirianae has a tormented economy, which is mainly supported by thieving, trade and jewelcrafting. But their biggest strengths are alchemy and elaborate blacksmithing.
However, Tirianae lacks people skilled in cooking.
Despite its strengths and weaknesses, Tirianae is most likely headed towards a enjoyable future under the leadership of Warlord Alen. But this remains to be seen.
The boys in this school wear plain, polyester trousers that reach down to about their calves and thus reveal their sporty loafers, all of which are colored rosewood. Theyare paired with regular, patterned socks colored brown.
A white short sleeved shirt is almost perfectly tucked into their trousers and covered with a stylish jacket. A lean tie playfully dangles in the middle of their often unbottoned jacket and is plain and undecorated in rosewood and brown.
The girls wear bubble skirts in rosewood and they reach to just above their ankles. Theyare paired with dotted socks and toe cap shoes colored in brown and rosewood respectively.
Like the boys the girls wear short sleeved shirts, which are usually barely tucked into their skirts and are covered with a humble jacket. They too wear a tie that hangs neatly in the middle of their often rarely buttoned up jackets and is broadly striped in the same colors.
All jackets are adorned with a small school logo and, although slightly frowned upon, many students wear various accessoires, mostly as a form of self expression.
The ornamental piece is definitely the main attraction within this garden. The rows of flowers do attract some attention, and the hedges usually look amazing, but everything dwarfs in comparison to the ornamental piece.
The forest was enormous, wet, and budding. Its canopy was marked by dogwood, rhododendron, and cottonwood, and sparkling light dancing between the branches allowed for a flood of sprouts to reign the boulder covered grounds below.
There were fields all over the place, many of which surrounded a small lake. All around you cows and sheep slept and grazed in the gentle pastures, and amidst the many fields ran a weed-ridden, dusty old road.
The road eventually reached a traditional farmhouse with a huge courtyard.
The skyline is riddled with impressive skyscrapers and they have been designed to adorn the city and each other.
It is this multicultural identity that has truly left its mark. Hundreds of clubs, take-outs and gastropubs offer a plethora of culinary choices and those who feel hungry for something else can enjoy nature, tours, aerobics or one of the many other recreational venues.
The skyline is sprinkled with stylish skyscrapers and a new one seems to pop up every other week.
Many different cultures have left their mark not just on the city is history, but also upon the city is identity. What historically was a city of no variation has grown into a large melting pot and it is this that unites the 5 million people to this day.
In the district of Jegraria it is tradition for women to live in isolation for a period of time on the first day of the third month. It is supposed to be a symbol of tenderness and caring and it is usually part of a coming of age ritual or festivity that can last for a day.
Fabricated on the Southern side of a vulcano, the port of Firebend is home to humans lead by Mayor Falcon.
This port  was not built by a vulcano by accident, as it has a comfortable weather system, which is of great importance to the people of Firebend and its success.
The port itself looks crude. With its dark wooden rooftops, murky wooden walls and barren grounds, Firebend has a spine-chilling atmosphere.
The main attraction is the monument, which was built 52 years ago and designed by gnomes.
Firebend has an unhealthy economy, which is mainly supported by beer brewing, wine brewing and mining. But their biggest strengths are rare wood production and highly skilled thieving.
However, Firebend lacks people skilled in baking.
Despite its strengths and weaknesses, Firebend is most likely headed towards a growing future under the leadership of Mayor Falcon. But this remains to be seen.
There were fields spread all around, curving around, and waving over hill after hill. All around you sheep and horses gently grazed in the isolated pastures, and amidst the many fields ran an overgrown, cobblestone road.
The materials these mountains brought were of great importance, but they were also influential when it came to architectural designs as the vast majority of buildings have been built with rocks from those very same mountains.
Raised on top of a cavern, the crossroad of Pernrith is home to werewolves lead by Agent Hanshaw.
This crossroad  was not built by a cavern by accident, as it has fertile soils, which is of great importance to the people of Pernrith and its success.
The crossroad itself looks crude. With its murky wooden rooftops, half rotten walls and creaking wood, Pernrith has a ghoulish atmosphere.
The main attraction is the watchtower, which was built 29 years ago and designed by blood elves.
Pernrith has a thriving economy, which is mainly supported by animal breeding, blacksmithing and thieving. But their biggest strengths are sustainable hunting and elaborate blacksmithing.
However, Pernrith lacks people skilled in trade.
Despite its strengths and weaknesses, Pernrith is most likely headed towards a booming future under the leadership of Agent Hanshaw. But this remains to be seen.
Established on the lowest point of a grotto, the megalopolis of Kaladorei is home to high elves lead by Director Alduin.
This megalopolis  was not built by a grotto by accident, as it has ancient, unexplained statues, which is of great importance to the people of Kaladorei and its success.
The megalopolis itself looks grandiose. With its seagrass rooftops, shingle walls and vibrant, rare trees, Kaladorei has a charming atmosphere.
The main attraction is the stables, which was built 43 years ago and designed by werewolves.
Kaladorei has a failing economy, which is mainly supported by animal breeding, tailoring and engineering. But their biggest strengths are rare animal training and highly skilled thieving.
However, Kaladorei lacks people skilled in animal training.
Despite its strengths and weaknesses, Kaladorei is most likely headed towards a gloomy future under the leadership of Director Alduin. But this remains to be seen.
The city of Blackmere was built on the banks of a large natural harbor and is truly a leading-edge sight. Its wonder is matched by the backdrop of cascading waterfalls which have helped shape the city to what it is today.
The resources these waterfalls brought were of great importance, but they were also influential when it came to architectural designs as the vast majority of buildings incorporate the aesthetic elements of water and waterfalls, as well as the lush greenery they provide.
The skyline is growing with distinct skyscrapers and they have aspects which represent their past, present and future. Daily life is not too stressful in Blackmere and it has attracted a lot of attention. New cultures have left their mark not just on the city is history, but also upon the city is identity. What historically was a city of few cultures has grown into a new culture of variety and it is this that unites the 5 million people to this day.
The city of Highfront was built atop quiet and serene hills and is truly a historic phenomenon. Its charm is matched by the backdrop of green, fertile fields which have helped shape the city to what it is today.
The materials these fields brought were of great importance, but they were also influential when it came to architectural designs as the vast majority of buildings are slim and tall, which mimics the grasses and openness of the fields around them.
The skyline is packed with impressive skyscrapers and a lot of them seem to have evolved throughout the ages. Education is superb in Highfront and it has attracted a lot of attention. Many new cultures have left their mark not just on trade and relations, but also upon the city is identity. What historically was a city of little contrast has grown into a multicultural hub and it is this that unites the 12 million people to this day.
It is this multicultural identity that has truly left its mark. Hundreds of restaurants, bakeries and concession stands offer a plethora of culinary choices and those who feel hungry for something else can enjoy musical activities, clubs, sport activities or one of the many other recreational venues.
It is this multicultural identity that has truly left its mark. Hundreds of diners, restaurants and ethnic restaurants offer a plethora of culinary choices and those who feel hungry for something else can enjoy water sports, concerts, clubs or one of the many other recreational venues.
In the province of Segryae it is tradition for men to clean and fix up their homes once they become adults. It is supposed to be a symbol of individualism and trust and it is usually part of a religious ritual or festivity that can last for a day or two.
In the remote village of Buthil it is tradition to gift a new born baby herbs and spices. It is supposed to create and strengthen a bond.
In the country of Cegrela it is tradition for men to reenact a famous duel once theyare a certain age. It is supposed to be a symbol of selflessness and maturity and it is usually part of a greater festival and festivities that can last for an entire week.
In the town of Iespia it is tradition to give a new born baby a gold coin. It is supposed to be a most fortunate blessing.
Established on the left side of a forest, the town of Garen is Well is home to giants lead by Mayor Lockridge.
This town  was not built by a forest by accident, as it has unique wildlife, which is of great importance to the people of Garen is Well and its success.
The town itself looks worn. With its blackened rooftops, stone veneer walls and whistling wind, Garen is Well has a mysterious atmosphere.
The main attraction is the lumber mill, which was built 24 years ago and designed by humans.
Garen is Well has a growing economy, which is mainly supported by jewelcrafting, farming and leatherworking. But their biggest strengths are elaborate beer brewing techniques and ancient wine brewing techniques.
However, Garen is Well lacks people skilled in thieving.
Despite its strengths and weaknesses, Garen is Well is most likely headed towards a luxuriant future under the leadership of Mayor Lockridge. But this remains to be seen.
Built on the peak of a glacier, the burg of Mystohr is home to fairies lead by King Aed.
This burg  was not built by a glacier by accident, as it has an abundance of wildlife, which is of great importance to the people of Mystohr and its success.
The burg itself looks hideous. With its gray rooftops, murky wooden walls and rotten fields, Mystohr has a bleak atmosphere.
The main attraction is the town hall, which was built 40 years ago and designed by vikings.
Mystohr has an improving economy, which is mainly supported by weaponsmithing, fletching and engineering. But their biggest strengths are delicate woodcrafting and intricate jewelcrafting.
However, Mystohr lacks people skilled in animal breeding.
Despite its strengths and weaknesses, Mystohr is most likely headed towards a affluent future under the leadership of King Aed. But this remains to be seen.
There were fields as far as the eye could see. All around you goats and deer gently grazed in the peaceful pastures, and right in the center of the fields ran a weed-ridden, sandy road.
The road eventually arrived at a humble ranch with a vast courtyard. The ranch was very old, and it showed. A milking facility stood in the corner of the courtyard, several beehives stood just behind the main buildings, and an old greenhouse stood to the side of the courtyard, no longer used, and with a few cracked glass panes. The farm had a snug feel to it, much of this was thanks to how stereotypical the farmhouse looked, it made everything seem commonplace
The city of Kilbrook was built at the base of a traitorous volcano and is truly an evergrowing curiosity. Its beauty is matched by the backdrop of several waterfalls which have helped shape the city to what it is today.
The climate these waterfalls brought were of great importance, but they were also influential when it came to architectural designs as the vast majority of buildings not only use water from those waterfalls, they often incorporate some form of falling water as part of their architecture.
The skyline is packed with stylish skyscrapers and they seem to be reaching higher and higher each year. Technology is thriving in Kilbrook and it has attracted a lot of attention. Many different cultures have left their mark not just on the city is people, but also upon the city is identity. What historically was a city of little contrast has grown into a multicultural hub and it is this that unites the 4 million people to this day.
It is this multicultural identity that has truly left its mark. Hundreds of bakeries, take-outs and coffeehouses offer a plethora of culinary choices and those who feel hungry for something else can enjoy tours, clubs, the national park or one of the many other recreational venues.
The city of Stonewick was built at the base of a potentially active volcano and is truly an architectural phenomenon. Its allure is matched by the backdrop of a fuming volcano which have helped shape the city to what it is today.
The climate these volcanoes brought were of great importance, but they were also influential when it came to architectural designs as the vast majority of buildings have been built in similar shapes as that very same volcano.
The skyline is spreading with towering skyscrapers and while modern now, their history still shined through. Employment is tremendous in Stonewick and it has attracted a lot of attention. Many different cultures have left their mark not just on trade and relations, but also upon the city is identity. What historically was a city of monotony has grown into a large melting pot and it is this that unites the 13 million people to this day.
It is this multicultural identity that has truly left its mark. Hundreds of take-outs, ethnic restaurants and gastropubs offer a plethora of culinary choices and those who feel hungry for something else can enjoy dance, sport activities, an amusement park or one of the many other recreational venues.
The city of Bellburn was built along the banks of a labyrinth of rivers and is truly an ancient marvel. Its uniqueness is matched by the backdrop of several waterfalls which have helped shape the city to what it is today.
The riches these waterfalls brought were of great importance, but they were also influential when it came to architectural designs as the vast majority of buildings have their own man-made waterfalls or similar elements as part of their architecture.
The skyline is sprinkled with tall skyscrapers and they seem to be continuously evolving as new additions are added even now. Recreation is impeccable in Bellburn and it has attracted a lot of attention. Countless cultures have left their mark not just on the city is history, but also upon the city is identity. What historically was a city of plain, ordinary people has grown into a fusion of everything and it is this that unites the 12 million people to this day.
In the city of Duslon it is tradition for people to try to scare each other on the first full moon of the year. It is supposed to be a symbol of maturity and kindness and it is usually part of a larger life ceremony that can last for an entire week.
In the district of Segrines it is tradition to shave the hair of a deceased person. It is supposed to guide the spirit of the deceased to the next world.
It is this multicultural identity that has truly left its mark. Hundreds of gastropubs, theme restaurants and bistros offer a plethora of culinary choices and those who feel hungry for something else can enjoy arcades, concerts, sport activities or one of the many other recreational venues.
Established around a bluff, the megalopolis of Pernrith is home to giants lead by Duke Geary.
This megalopolis  was not built by a bluff by accident, as it has escape routes, which is of great importance to the people of Pernrith and its success.
The megalopolis itself looks grandiose. With its wheat straw rooftops, ceramic tile walls and stunning canyon, Pernrith has a heavenly atmosphere.
The main attraction is the bank, which was built 62 years ago and designed by pirates.
Pernrith has a hurting economy, which is mainly supported by engineering, hunting and baking. But their biggest strengths are ancient wine brewing techniques and rare crop farming.
However, Pernrith lacks people skilled in war.
Despite its strengths and weaknesses, Pernrith is most likely headed towards a delightful future under the leadership of Duke Geary. But this remains to be seen.
The city of Shimmergarde was built on the banks of a carefully crafted harbor and is truly a gorgeous phenomenon. Its uniqueness is matched by the backdrop of clear blue skies which have helped shape the city to what it is today.
The climate these skies brought were of great importance, but they were also influential when it came to architectural designs as the vast majority of buildings have been built with lots of glass and light elements to mimic the aesthetics of the blue skies around them.
The skyline is littered with unique skyscrapers and more seem to be on their way. The quality of life is high in Shimmergarde and it has attracted a lot of attention. Countless cultures have left their mark not just on the city is history, but also upon the city is identity. What historically was a city of few differences has grown into a new culture of variety and it is this that unites the 4 million people to this day.
It is this multicultural identity that has truly left its mark. Hundreds of ethnic restaurants, bakeries and diners offer a plethora of culinary choices and those who feel hungry for something else can enjoy aerobics, dance, adventure sports or one of the many other recreational venues.
In the district of Xoswar it is tradition for men to clean and fix up their homes on the first day of the third month. It is supposed to be a symbol of respect and intelligence and it is usually part of a larger life ceremony that can last for half a week.